Good evenig people of the board,

   I am bring to you a proposal, a proposal that would peak your interest. In many cities there are numerous different gyms from different companies. Each 
  one claim to be different, but in the end the only difference is the price and cleaniness. In Chicago Illinois there are hundreds of gyms with free weights, 
  treadmills, and trainers. There are also other kinds of gyms other then the traditional including rock climbing, obstacle course racing, and crossfit. All 
  aiming to help a person become better in physical shape. Within downtown Chicago there is a cluster of rock climbing gym, but as you spread out to the suburbs 
  there are few rock climbing gym. There are a number of possible reasons. One, less dense population. Two, less interest into the specialtly gyms. Three, the 
  price could be expensive for the society outside of downtown chicago.
    Today I bring you a proposal to invest and open a specialty gym. A gym that is not traditional or defined as a specialty gym. A gym that represents a growing 
  sport on that has been a competition on T.V. A gym that will attract the fans, new fans, adults, and children. The fans and new fans will be easily rescruitable, 
  adults would inclined to learn about it because it is not the traditional gym of picking heavy things up and putting them down. I am of course talking about a ninja 
  gym. This gym consists of running on objects, jumping from one object to another. climbing up and down numerous objects. 
  Already there is a large American Ninja Warrior fan base in the chicago area. Number of famous "Ninjas" are located in Chicago or North Western Illinois area. 
  There are a few gyms in the downtown area that are geared towards this subject, but there are few out in the suburbs. I propose opening new ninja gyms in the 
  surrounding areas of Chicago. First one could be opened in the downtown area, but once that is established expanding them out to the suburbs. Where fans and kids 
  can have easy access to the gym and practice their moves like their favorite ninjas. 
    If there were more ninjas geared towards the ninja sport. there would be more people willing to go to the gym, maybe even pay and keep a monthly or yearly membership. 
  In addition a famous ninja from the area can announce on social media about visiting the gym. Attracting fans to the gym. This would help the community dispel the illusion that
  fitness is hard by offering a alternative that is just as effective and fun.  Parents will have a place for their offspring to play and excercise. If there is easy access to 
  the gym. More people will come to the gym.
